Support AWS IAM Role (#271)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.1.1/snapshots-and-backups/backup-and-restore/set-backup-target.md

- [Set up AWS S3 Backupstore](#set-up-aws-s3-backupstore)
- [Set up a Local Testing Backupstore](#set-up-a-local-testing-backupstore)
- [Using a self-signed SSL certificate for S3 communication](#using-a-self-signed-ssl-certificate-for-s3-communication)
- [Enable virtual-hosted-style access for S3 compatible Backupstore](#enable-virtual-hosted-style-access-for-s3-compatible-backupstore)
- [NFS Backupstore](#nfs-backupstore)

### Set up AWS S3 Backupstore

1. Create a new bucket in [AWS S3.](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)

2. Set permissions for Longhorn.

>    - Option 1: Set permissions with an IAM user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Option 1: Set permissions with IAM user credentials
```

        ```json
        {
          "Version": "2012-10-17",
          "Statement": [
            {
              "Sid": "GrantLonghornBackupstoreAccess0",
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Action": [
                "s3:PutObject",
                "s3:GetObject",
                "s3:ListBucket",
                "s3:DeleteObject"
              ],
              "Resource": [
                "arn:aws:s3:::<your-bucket-name>",
                "arn:aws:s3:::<your-bucket-name>/*"
              ]
            }
          ]
        }
        ```

     2. Create a Kubernetes secret with a name such as `aws-secret` in the namespace where longhorn is placed (`longhorn-system` by default). The secret must be created in the `longhorn-system` namespace for Longhorn to access it:

        ```shell
        kubectl create secret generic <aws-secret> \
            --from-literal=AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<your-aws-access-key-id> \
            --from-literal=AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<your-aws-secret-access-key> \
            -n longhorn-system
        ```

>    - Option 2: Set permissions using kube2iam or kiam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Option 2: Set permissions with IAM temporary credentials by AWS STS AssumeRole (kube2iam or kiam)
```

   
   For Google Cloud Storage, you can find the region codes [here.](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/locations)

4.  In the Backup section set **Backup Target Credential Secret** to:

    ```

>     aws-secret

Reviewer 2: Since you changed the ordering the line below the ``` aws-secret ``` needs to be updated.

Author: I've updated it, please check.
